---
layout: post
title: Dream5
date: 2017-07-31 18:35:27 +0700
---

My father ever told me that the ‘real’ world not as quite as now, there are just plenty people that on ‘real’ world at time. I am not saying that there less people in the world, with great improvement in medical tech in recent decade that decrease dead rate and improve life expectancy.<!-- more --> And the earth itself become more better place, with less people that active in real world, governments of the world can create restrictions so the earth can heal itself, now there more forest, more wild animal and the air more colder than before. Before they invented the dream device.

Few decade ago big company in the world racing to create Virtual Reality device, started with devices that like big googles that present simulation to our eyes in another company they present device that just like glasses, both devices and other has great improvement in some years, specially in input system, they can read hand gesture better, there virtual keyboard that work just great. For most working people they prefer glass version that just like computer with big screen that you can carry everywhere even though most government forbid us to wear it at streets at that time. And the googles version suits for gaming people that need no distraction.

And then they try to plug the device to the brain, the brain experiment to plug device to it has run even before the VR development, and then when they have promises result its still has long inspections and after the dream device gain popularity the brain experiments has lost its interest.
Dream invented by a genius from remote country in his garage that experiment to create device to trigger our brain so we can enter lucid dream, even though in brain science at that time already discovered that its were possible, this genius gain success with his device that people call ‘dream’ device.  With rapid growth of his company, his lab create many big improvement in ‘dream’ device. And then he gain world attention when his presentation on 8th version of the ‘dream’ when he introduce Virtual Reality in his device, with VR inside his device not just sleeping tool that create random reality that only users imagination that can limit it, but its just wild controlled dream that only the user that know it. But with VR in it is no more dream, we can socialize, we can work, we can playing games while we dreaming. With no attachment with real world using ‘dream’ device we can has more ‘real’ Virtual Reality and the big advantage of ‘dream’ is 10 hours enter in dream has same effect normal 7 hours sleep for our brain and other big advantages is there is no sense of time in dream state and actually our brain work more efficiently when in dream state in short time can last longer in dream than reality, so then they calibrate it 1 hour in reality count 2.39 hours in dream. So we can sum that live in ‘dream’ is more healthy and last longer.

But there is one big disadvantage that solved after 10 years of VR introduction of ‘dream’ device, there is only visual sense that work in dream state, there is no sound, smell, touch only visual. They took long time because they need to plug deeper to the brain to gain other sense apart of visual, and the testing run longer. But when when they introduce its support 5 sense that they name it ‘dream5’ its like they introduce another reality than earth.
After more than 2 decade ‘dream5’ not introduce another big thing, but impact to the people lifestyle have change greatly.
