---
layout: post
title: "Jumper"
date: 2017-07-31 18:35:27 +0700
tags: [story, sci-fi]
categories: coding react javascript
---

After more than 20 years there is no another significant invention, science world like enter in hibernate state, the last and biggest thing that happen to earth is when Bench Corp introduce the Jumper.

Its genius that has name Frederick Cuplin that work on theory that they say its correct relativity theory by Einstein, but for academic people like know that it is not. When about half century ago, a student of MIT publish the paper that there are possibility create some kind of wormhole to move object base on Cuplin theory, Cuplin name began famed.
<!-- more -->

There is no proof its will work or a prototype but there are massive funding from some big companies to prove that the device described by the paper were exist. There is one thing that against this project, the wormhole thing, the ones that support the project always say that its not wormhole because the based theory very different with Einstein theory, and even after today its still became great debate it is wormhole or not. Even for me that agrees Cuplin theory is not based Einstein theory also believe its were some kind of wormhole, where experiment that try to create it also may trigger to create blackhole.
There is only a few countries that against this project, in US there is big debate to against or not, there are another reason why US against this project, 5 years before this campaign, Nasa has project, project that experiment to create space within space so we can create a big room or even city inside a thin wall, but because of worries that the experiment will trigger the blackhole the project just create the prototype send directly to warehouse withaot testing. But after intense goverment meeting there is resolution that US will not intervene with the Jumper project, the jumper project progress rapidly. Some rumor say that the resolution has another decision to continue the Nasa project in space with proof us space activity increased alot at that time.

At July 20th, 2377, the first public Jumper transport introduced, its a jumping from London to Tokyo the big history in human kind were recorded, because the simplicity of the device after 3 years most country already implemented even in remote village has the jump point, except the US that implement it a little late. Its a game changing device, with Jumper we can go anywhere anytime on earth, we can sleep at home in a corner of the world and work in the morning in another corner with transportation just by crossing a door.

Now we rarely see the fossil fuel vehicle in the streets, because most in the city there is more 2 jump point in 1km radius, people prefer walking or using bike that available to use for free in most city, its also caused by great success of global warming campaign so fuel powered machine move in the fields and factory.

But after 20 year there is no another Jumper.
